Link: images guide (#29914)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/performance/multimedia/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

> > **Note:** This is a high-level introduction to optimizing multimedia delivery on the web, covering general principles and techniques. For a more in-depth guide, see <https://web.dev/learn/images>.

Reviewer: The [original URL has a 301](https://web.archive.org/web/20230221122623/https://images.guide/) to the following:

```suggestion
> **Note:** This is a high-level introduction to optimizing multimedia delivery on the web, covering general principles and techniques. For a more in-depth guide, see <https://web.dev/explore/fast#optimize-your-images>.
```
